README.md, before:

# Payroll Calculator Project
Simple project written on .NET Core.

## Getting Started
Main application for this sample is an AspNetCore MVC project.
Has a basic form and produce a calculated payroll displayed in a modal.
Can upload csv file and calculate each line.

## Screens
![Alt text](/imgscreen1.png?raw=true "Screen1")
![Alt text](/imgscreen2.png?raw=true "Screen2")


## Input Format
 - CSV:
Ryan,Reynolds,125000,10%,01 July - 31 July

- Input Fields:
FirstName - string
LastName - string
AnnualSalary - numerice/decimal
Super - string (percent format)
DateInput - string (dd MMMM - dd MMMM)



### Prerequisites

Project is written using vs2017 community edition. (or you can use VSCode if you like or on a linux/mac env haven't tried it to be honest).
Postman or any api testing tool (Fiddler.. etc) and example Postman .json located under Company.Svc.Payroll/PostMan

### Installing

- Install .net core as part of the installer package for vs2017 https://www.visualstudio.com/


## Running Tests

Test can be run using the built in Test Explorer in vs2017

There are 2 test projects:
- Company.Test.PayrollBLL : Testing for Payroll calculator logic.
- Company.xUnitTest.Website.Payroll : Testing for AspNetCore controllers


## Deployment

Still working on an MSBuild proj file to publish .netCore csproj

Just do regular publish for webprojects on vs2017
Documentation for installing it on IIS: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/publishing/iis

## Built With

BackEnd
- .Net Core 1.1

Front End
- AngularJs
- Bootstrap

Testing
- Moq
- xUnitTest

Nuget Packages
- Basically most of aspnetcore lib
- Automapper


## Authors

* **Jesse Dean Paclar**

## Road Map
- Add a Data Access Layer using Entity Framework code first approach
- Add a simple Mobile TACO app (Typescript/Angular/Cordova)


## End Note
If someone can do a refactor of the project, I would love to know how/why you do it!!
As IT professionals we are always in a state of constant upskilling.

Commit message:

Edited Main readme
Define a dotnet publish command

README.md, after:

# Payroll Calculator Project
Simple project written on .NET Core.

## Getting Started
Main application for this sample is an AspNetCore MVC project.
Has a basic form and produce a calculated payroll displayed in a modal.
Can upload csv file and calculate each line.

## Screens
![Alt text](/imgscreen1.png?raw=true "Screen1")
![Alt text](/imgscreen2.png?raw=true "Screen2")


## Input Format
 - CSV:
Ryan,Reynolds,125000,10%,01 July - 31 July

- Input Fields:
FirstName - string
LastName - string
AnnualSalary - numerice/decimal
Super - string (percent format)
DateInput - string (dd MMMM - dd MMMM)



### Prerequisites

Project is written using vs2017 community edition. (or you can use VSCode if you like or on a linux/mac env haven't tried it to be honest).
Postman or any api testing tool (Fiddler.. etc) and example Postman .json located under Company.Svc.Payroll/PostMan

### Installing

- Install .net core as part of the installer package for vs2017 https://www.visualstudio.com/


## Running Tests

Test can be run using the built in Test Explorer in vs2017

There are 2 test projects:
- Company.Test.PayrollBLL : Testing for Payroll calculator logic.
- Company.xUnitTest.Website.Payroll : Testing for AspNetCore controllers


## Deployment

Still working on an MSBuild proj file to publish .netCore csproj. Or perhaps just do a dotnet publish

Just do regular publish for webprojects on vs2017
Documentation for installing it on IIS: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/publishing/iis

## Built With

BackEnd
- .Net Core 1.1

Front End
- AngularJs
- Bootstrap

Testing
- Moq
- xUnitTest

Nuget Packages
- Basically most of aspnetcore lib
- Automapper


## Authors

* **Jesse Dean Paclar**

## Road Map
- Add a Data Access Layer using Entity Framework code first approach
- Add a simple Mobile TACO app (Typescript/Angular/Cordova)


## End Note
If someone can do a refactor of the project, I would love to know how/why you do it!!
As IT professionals we are always in a state of constant upskilling.
